chore(docs): update readme contribution section (#1459)
ethereum/execution-spec-tests: README.md

Contributions and feedback are welcome. Please see the [online documentation](https://eest.ethereum.org/main/writing_tests/) for this repository's coding standards and help on implementing new tests.

> Pull requests containing only typo fixes will not be merged and **MUST** be accompanied by documentation, tests or framework improvements. Additionally they **MUST** have reasonable substance or resolve an existing repository open issue. Pull requests from obvious airdrop farmers will be closed upon review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome earnest newcomers, no matter how small the contribution! However, we currently do not  accept contributions that only fix spelling or grammatical errors in documentation, code or elsewhere. Pull requests should have reasonable substance or resolve an existing repository open issue; pull requests from obvious airdrop farmers will be closed upon review.
```

> We welcome earnest newcomers, no matter how small the contribution! However, we currently do not  accept contributions that only fix spelling or grammatical errors in documentation, code or elsewhere. Pull requests should have reasonable substance or resolve an existing repository open issue; pull requests from obvious airdrop farmers will be closed upon review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome earnest newcomers, no matter how small the contribution! However, we currently do not accept contributions that only fix spelling or grammatical errors in documentation, code or elsewhere. Pull requests should have reasonable substance or resolve an existing repository open issue; pull requests from obvious airdrop farmers will be closed upon review.
```
